what's going on everyone my name is wade
patterson and i'm so happy you've landed
on this video because i am going to talk
to you
about ways you can be an impactful
communicator
on social media for those of you who
follow my channel you know that i am
doing several eight part
series throughout the year of 2021. in
this series i am going to go over
eight different social media networks
with eight ideas of how you can be
an impactful communicator in each of
those
networks these tips are things that most
people
don't do some people know that these are
things that they should do
but for whatever reason they don't
execute and this is going to give you
fresh ideas whether you're on
instagram or you're on facebook or
you're on linkedin or you're on
clubhouse the brand new app that has a
lot of hype going right now
i'm going to give you some fresh ideas
that all have to do with impactful
communication so let's jump right into
it with
video one and why don't we start with
the king of social media
facebook the og the platform where
most users are on most of you watching
this
probably have a facebook account it's
such a popular social media
network and we've seen a bit of an
evolution
over the years of people migrating to
different platforms
and the age demographic around facebook
changing
but there is one thing that i love
just this idea that is so clever
and it's this concept of taking the
online
offline so when we think of facebook it
is a treasure
trove of information people are sharing
their huge accomplishments
they're sharing their opinions of things
that they feel are very important to
them
they are sharing so much information and
often our reaction to this information
is to give it a like or perhaps comment
or maybe share their post if it's
something that we're really passionate
about
but that's about it that's where it
typically stops for most
people most people's engagement on
facebook stays
within facebook but where you can have
quite a bit of a powerful impact is
taking information from facebook
and then doing something about it off of
facebook
let me explain using birthdays as
an example every single day facebook
tells us
when it's our friend's birthdays or
whose birthday it is or even
upcoming birthdays and most people
click that little box and they type in a
message they say happy birthday john or
happy birthday
sheila or whoever it is and they hit
enter
and that's nice john or sheila will see
that message
but guess what it's going to be amongst
a
sea of other messages other people who
did the exact same
thing they saw that notification they
clicked the box they typed in the same
words
essentially and sent that message and
what that means for
us is that our message it's nice
but is it special does it stand out at
all
i would argue that it doesn't really
but by just clicking a couple more
buttons
you can make a different impact a
bigger impact by clicking on their
profile
photo and then clicking message
two extra clicks and then typing the
exact same thing
happy birthday john happy birthday
sheila now that's done
through messenger so we still haven't
really left the facebook
ecosystem but instead of being one of
a hundred or 200 posts on the timeline
of john or sheila we are now one of the
people who are landing in their inbox
and that number is going to be
smaller it might be 10 or perhaps
20 and many people have push
notifications
on their phone so they will actually see
that pop up
on the home screen of their phone and
now
you're starting to cut through that
noise a little bit and you haven't
really even
left facebook yet you're still within
the facebook environment
but you typed the exact same thing you
did two extra clicks
two extra clicks that was it and yet
you're standing out more you're
already having more impactful
communication
but here's a crazy idea what if you took
it a step
further what if you picked up the phone
and called john or sheila and wish them
a happy birthday
now wow they only did that in the old
days that's
crazy to think that somebody would
actually do that
but that is going to have a much bigger
impact on the person whose birthday it
is
they're going to be delighted with the
fact that you took the time
to pick up the phone and call them that
is rare on my last birthday i think
there was about five
people out of all my family and friends
who took the time
to give me a phone call and it meant a
lot it stood out i could name those
people to you
but i couldn't name all of the people
who wrote on my facebook timeline
another approach you could take to this
is you could
look at the upcoming birthdays and do a
little planning ahead
again there's other ways of getting this
information but facebook makes it so
convenient
that it's really a nice way of doing it
so you see whose birthdays are upcoming
and you could write them
a handwritten note or a handwritten card
as part of my impactful communication
video
theme series and one of the speeches i
created
i talked about something that i called
the gosling
which is all about the power of a
handwritten message and how
that type of communication is so rare
these days and very few people take the
time to write
handwritten notes or cards and actually
mail those out
which means if you are the one who does
that
you have a greater chance of standing
out
and that person will have a piece of
paper which
likely is sitting in their room or on
their counter and that is a constant
reminder
of that nice thing you did for them
these are ways of taking
information that is available to all of
us on
a platform like facebook and doing
something
more impactful my challenge for you is
to start
making people's day whose birthday it is
reach
out to them in a way that isn't what
everyone else is doing take it a step
further take the online
offline and i promise you that the
impact will be more significant thank
you for taking the time to watch
this video as i said there are going to
be seven more in this series of
impactful communication on social media
so if you are watching this video in the
early days make sure you subscribe
hit the notifications bell like comment
interact that way i'm trying to grow
this channel i'm trying to spread the
love of how to be an impactful
communicator so
anything you can do helps thank you so
much for taking the time
to watch this video